(upbeat music)
- [Instructor] Now it's time for my solution
to this challenge.
In order to solve this challenge
I created a new module called fizz-buzz.
And what's in that module,
I actually implemented one method.
In the application I created a beam
of type command line runner,
and just like we did before,
when we walked through it together,
I simply returned the ads.
Now within there, I created a four loop.
So I did four, one less than one on one
and increment every time.
I set the result of my string equal to blank.
Then I added to it if there was modular three
and that equals zero, I did fizz.
If it was modular five, I added buzz.
This way, if it's divisible by three, but not five,
I get fizz.
If it's divisible by five and not three, I get buzz.
And if it's divisible by both, I get fizz-buzz.
Now, if it's neither of those,
you'll see on line 22 then that if the result is not empty,
print the result otherwise print the number.
And this way I get one to one hundred
with fizz-buzz replicated.
This is about the quickest way I've seen this done in Java
and using Spring to show that you know
how beams at least work,
and that you understand some of the common interfaces
within Spring.
So file this one away.
You may see it on an interview someday.
It really is kind of a fun thing to do
if you actually change the values
and increase the scope of the problem set.
It's kind of fun to figure out how to do
some of this stuff with in different languages
especially different frameworks within those languages.